simplify desktop access getting started guide (#9100)
gravitational/teleport: lib/srv/desktop/README.md

#### AD DS

First, we need to install Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS). Save the following file as `domain-controller.ps1`,
replacing `$domain` with your desired domain name and `$adminPassword` with your Administrator account's password.

```powershell

> $domain = 'teleport.dev'

Reviewer: please use example.com

> $adminPassword = 'teleport123!!'

Reviewer: this will result in many, many installations using the hardcode password from the samples. Can you instead use the powershell script to auto generate the password and not mention it here? E.g. $(uuid) > password.ldap and then instruct to copy the contents or the file?

Author: This file is primarily for internal use, the intention isn't to share with customers how to set up an Active Directory domain. I mostly use it for reference when spinning up a new VM for testing.

There is a [place](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/87555836385ce18c22aa89dd2402c48556dc61b1/docs/pages/desktop-access/getting-started.mdx#L42) in the Getting Started where we require a password, in which powershell prompts the user to enter the password. 

An issue with this is that there's no prompt for the user to type the password again for confirmation, so if they fat finger something they might have problems. I'll switch it to your solution, since saving the password to a file also fits in neatly with the user needing to point to that file in the `teleport.yaml`.

Reviewer: would it still be possible to remove the hardcode from this snippet? I'm afraid folks will copy paste it and we would get some breaches this way

Author: Yeah good call.

Author: @klizhentas actually that script wasn't setting the password, it was asking for the user's existing password. 

I've changed it so that now the script pauses and waits for the user to enter their password using `(Read-Host "Enter Your Password" -AsSecureString)`: this way it will never show up in plaintext, either in the script or in PowerShell or other logs.

> $netbiosDomain = ($domain -split '\.')[0].ToUpperInvariant()

Reviewer 2: How about using `(Get-ADDomain).NetBIOSName` instead of doing string manipulation?

Author: I don't think that would work because the domain hasn't been created at this point.

$safeModeAdminPassword = ConvertTo-SecureString $adminPassword -AsPlainText -Force

echo 'Installing the AD services and administration tools...'
Install-WindowsFeature AD-Domain-Services,RSAT-AD-AdminCenter,RSAT-ADDS-Tools

> echo 'Installing the AD forest (be patient, this may take a while to install)...'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
echo 'Installing AD DS (be patient, this may take a while to install)...'
```
